README.md, before:

# Team UNiDOsX // IA.exe.bak

**Warning: Game name is only a template to be replaced when a better name is decided.**

TODO: Create a game's short description.

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/nashiradeer/ggj24-game%20?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=%23fff&label=GitHub&labelColor=%23181717&color=%23181717)](https://github.com/nashiradeer/ggj24-game/releases)
[![Global Game Jam](https://img.shields.io/badge/Global%20Game%20Jam-005ea2?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=%23fff)
](https://globalgamejam.org/)

TODO: Create the game's description.

## Building/running

*There's no building/running method available for now.*

## Credits

IA.exe.bak is a game created for [Global Game Jam 2024](https://globalgamejam.org/) by [Nashira Deer](https://github.com/nashiradeer), [Kenai](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSVBOHIBoWjkU-rzGc9_wtQ) and **Yuri Silva** licensed under the [GNU General Public License v3](https://github.com/nashiradeer/ggj24-game/blob/main/LICENSE.txt).

Commit message:

docs(readme): add game description

README.md, after:

# Team UNiDOsX // IA.exe.bak

**Warning: Game name is only a template to be replaced when a better name is decided.**

Your game didn't open? Are you missing or corrupted files? Don't worry! Discover our newest Demaintenance Tool!

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/nashiradeer/ggj24-game%20?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=%23fff&label=GitHub&labelColor=%23181717&color=%23181717)](https://github.com/nashiradeer/ggj24-game/releases)
[![Global Game Jam](https://img.shields.io/badge/Global%20Game%20Jam-005ea2?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=%23fff)
](https://globalgamejam.org/)

TODO: Create the game's description.

## Building/running

*There's no building/running method available for now.*

## Credits

IA.exe.bak is a game created for [Global Game Jam 2024](https://globalgamejam.org/) by [Nashira Deer](https://github.com/nashiradeer), [Kenai](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSVBOHIBoWjkU-rzGc9_wtQ) and **Yuri Silva** licensed under the [GNU General Public License v3](https://github.com/nashiradeer/ggj24-game/blob/main/LICENSE.txt).
